.\" Written by Robby Workman <rworkman@slackware.com>
.TH WICD-MANAGER-SETTINGS.CONF 5 "June 2008" "wicd-1.5.0"
.SH NAME
wicd-manager-settings.conf \- contains settings that control Wicd's behavior

.SH DESCRIPTION

This file contains general configuration information for Wicd.
.br
This file is located at /etc/wicd/manager-settings.conf

.SH SETTINGS

.TP
.BI "link_detect_tool = " <0|1|2>
0 = autodetect
.br
1 = ethtool
.br
2 = mii-tool
.TP
.BI "flush_tool = " <0|1|2>
0 = autodetect
.br
1 = ip
.br
2 = route
.TP
.BI "signal_display_type = " <0|1>
0 = Show signal strength as a percentage
.br
1 = Show signal strength in dBm
.TP
.BI "dhcp_client = " <0|1|2|3>
0 = autodetect
.br
1 = dhclient
.br
2 = dhcpcd
3 = pump
.TP
.BI "wired_interface = " <interface_name>
.TP
.BI "always_show_wired_interface = " <True|False>
.TP
.BI "wired_connect_mode = " <0|1>
0 = connect to wired interface automatically
.br
1 = do not connect to wired interface automatically
.TP
.BI "wireless_interface = " <name_of_wireless_interface>
.TP
.BI "wpa_driver = " <wext|madwifi|ndiswrapper|hostap|hermes|atmel|broadcom|ipw|ralink legacy>
The default (and best supported) is wext.  It should work properly in most cases.
.TP
.BI "auto_reconnect = " <True|False>
This settings determines whether Wicd will attempt to reconnect on connection loss.
.TP
.BI "use_global_dns = " <True|False>
If set to "True" and values are specified in the global DNS settings below,
this will cause Wicd to use these DNS settings.
.TP
.BI "global_dns_1 = " <ip_address>
.TP
.BI "global_dns_2 = " <ip_address>
.TP
.BI "global_dns_3 = " <ip_address>
.TP
.BI "debug_mode = " <integer_value>
0 = disabled
.br
1 = enabled
.TP
.BI "window_height = " <integer_value> " (in pixels)"
This determines the height of the client window.
.TP
.BI "window_width = " <integer_value> " (in pixels)"
This determines the width of the client window.
.TP
.BI "pref_height = " <integer_value> " (in pixels)"
This determines the height of the "Preferences" window when launched from the client.
.TP
.BI "pref_width = " <integer_value> " (in pixels)"
This determines the width of the "Preferences" window when launched from the client.


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR wicd (8),
.BR wicd-wired-settings.conf (5),
.BR wicd-wireless-settings.conf (5).

